Building block updates (#240)
patternfly/training-scenarios: html-css/building-blocks/step3-instructions.md

> In PatternFly, layouts allow for organizing and grouping elements. This module covers just one of the seven layouts, to learn about all seven layouts, explore the layout module which does a deep dive into layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PatternFly, layouts allow for organizing and grouping elements. This module covers just one of the seven layouts. To learn about all seven layouts, explore the layout module.
``` 
"deep dive" is a bit on the bizspeak side, so we can cut that here.

&lt;/div&gt;
</pre>

2) <strong>Add the bullseye class to the card.</strong>

> This will allow the card to be centered horizontally and vertically on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will center the card horizontally and vertically on the page.
```

Find the outermost `<div>` wrapper for the card and add the class `pf-l-bullseye`.

It should look like: `<div class="pf-l-bullseye">`

Once the preview reloads, the card should be centered in the middle of the page.

> <strong>Note: </strong>It’s important to follow the documentation for layouts because it will demonstrate where to add the layout class. The documentation for bullseye is [here](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/documentation/core/layouts/bullseye). In the documentation it specifies to add the class `pf-l-bullseye` to the parent container of its child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>Note: </strong>It’s important to follow the documentation for layouts because it demonstrates where to add the layout class. The [documentation for bullseye] (https://www.patternfly.org/v4/documentation/core/layouts/bullseye) specifies to add the class `pf-l-bullseye` to the parent container of its child.
``` 

We should avoid "click here" terminology. It's included on the "Shadowman Would Never Say" list on Mojo, marked as an archaic term from the old internet. Instead, we should just hyperlink the "documentation for bullseye."
